PEP 8: Comment clarification (#861)
python/peps: pep-0008.txt

    foo = long_function_name(var_one, var_two,
                             var_three, var_four)

>     # Added 4 spaces to distinguish arguments from the rest.

Reviewer: I'm cool with this, although I might suggest a parenthetical, e.g.:

"Add 4 spaces (an extra level of indentation) to distinguish..."

>     # Added 4 spaces to distinguish arguments from the rest.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # Add 4 spaces (an extra level of indentation) to distinguish arguments from the rest.
```
